THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A 45-year-old businessman hailing from Kaimanam in Thiruvananthapuram city was found dead in his car at Ottamaram, Kaliyikkavila, across Kerala-Tamil Nadu border on Monday midnight, in what appears to be a case of robbery-murder.S Deepu was found dead with his throat slit open as the investigators suspect that the assailants were Keralites, who knew he was carrying cash.Deepu was travelling to Tamil Nadu for business purposes carrying `10 lakh with him, which was found missing after the murder. The Tamil Nadu police later recovered CCTV visuals in which a person was seen walking away from the parked car carrying a bag. Deepu’s family said he had been issued threats by certain people, who had tried to extort large amounts from him.Deepu’s wife Vidhumol said a gang had demanded `50 lakh from her husband and issued him threats. Deepu’s son Madhav said while confabulating with him, his father had told him about the threats he received.Kanyakumari district police chief E Sundaravathanam told TNIE that they have obtained credible leads about the suspects, who were from “Thiruvananthapuram and nearby areas” and several special teams have been formed to solve the case.“We have prepared a list of suspects and are in the process of verifying their involvement. The suspects are all from Thiruvananthapuram and nearby areas. We are also probing along the way he had travelled from Thiruvananthapuram to Kaliyikkavila. Since he was planning to go to Pollachi, we have also sent our teams there to collect information. We are hopeful of cracking the case at the earliest. We have solid leads about the culprits,” he said.It was a Tamil Nadu police patrolling team that first spotted the vehicle parked aside the National Highway in a suspicious manner. The headlamps were on, and the engine was still running. Upon inspecting the vehicle, they found Deepu’s body lying in a pool of blood in the front seat wearing a seat belt, while the neck was almost cut off reportedly using sharp weapons. Barring the wound on the neck, the body bore no other injury marks.Deepu was into quarry business and also dabbled in the sale of used earthmovers. It was for purchasing an earthmover that he was travelling to Pollachi, and to pay advance, he had kept Rs 10 lakh with him. He left the house on Monday by 7. 30 pm and had informed the family that he would be picking up two more people from Kaliyikkavila side on the way.The police sources said they are exploring all possible angles to crack the case. The cops will examine the detailed call records of Deepu and his financial transactions to check whether it had got anything to do with the murder. According to family sources, Deepu was locked in a case pertaining to financial issues with a Nedumangad native. He had a vast business network and had financial dealings with many